TINY-10008: move enable `contentEditable` after editor initialization (#8927)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

### Added
- New `help_accessibility` option which displays the keyboard shortcut to access the help functionality in the statusbar. #TINY-9379

> - Now if `loadContentCss` takes more then 500ms a loading is inserted. #TINY-10008

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Now, if content CSS loading takes more than 500ms, then a throbber will be displayed. #TINY-10008
```

Author: fixed

> - Now, if content CSS loading takes more than 500ms, then a throbber will be displayed. #TINY-10008

Reviewer 2: This is really `Changed`, not `Added`

```suggestion
- When loading content CSS takes more than half a second, the editor will be set to the "in progress" state until the CSS is ready. #TINY-10008
```
